Please decide how to communicate (team member can edit this file.)

Some Suggestions:

Twitter: Setup a twitter account that any team member can post to.  This allows everyone to communicate at their leisure and provide a full history of what has been said.

IM/Hangouts/IRC: Share everyone's hangout/IM/IRC account so people can communicate in real time.

email: share everyone's email account to send message back and forth.

You may setup of physical meetings, but keep in mind that the online use will need to have a virtual presence!

Team choice (edit below this line):

Hey, this is Matthew. I don't care how we communicate. Text, email, IM, or whatever works for me. What about you guys?

Eric Comitz here. I can be reached via etcomitz@csustudent.net. If you need to contact me immediately, I can be called at 571-429-3861

My email is MCMcCrackin@csustudent.net    - Matthew

Martin here.   I can be reached at 8437542203.   I was thinking we could use an IM app or something if we're all up for it.

That sounds good to me - Matthew

Does everyone have Facebook, perhaps? We can also IM there. We can make a group conversation, ancd it'll be handy. -- Eric

Yeah, that'd work for me - Matthew

hi guys I'm not currently on facebook but I can activate my account if necessary, in previous group programming projects I'ved used slack (a msg app) and google hangout. - Merrell

my Cell: 8433673169 email: mmblack@csustudent.net  - Merrell

Emails we have so far:
etcomitz@csustudent.net
mmblack@csustudent.net
MCMcCrackin@csustudent.net
Could we get an email for everyone, just so we'll have an already established form of communication? Feel free to edit your email in if need be. -- Eric


sorry for the slow response, my internet has been down the last few times and it's still going out. do you guys want to meet next week and come up with the requirements? - matthew


That's fine by me. I'm in the online class, but I live on campus so meeting on campus would not be a problem for me if that's what y'all want to do. -- Eric

Thats ok with  me as well. I work fulltime and have a small commute to get on campus, but I think it'll be worth it to get the ball moving. I'm free Mon-Fri after 330 pm & Sat any time will work. -- Merrell

You guys want to try to meet friday after 330? im free til around 5pm - Matthew

I'm down for that. Where?  -- Eric 

Yep, that works for me as well. -- Merrell
